Update email.md (#4)
SearchSpring/competencies: competencies/email.md

You spell check your emails before you send them.

> If you correspond outside of SearchSpring your emails have a signature.

Author: ```suggestion
If you correspond outside of the company your emails have a signature.
```

## How do you improve it?

> Email Signature Instructions located here: tbd 

Author: ```suggestion
```
